Is this connected?
Right.  So you're  up to speed
with what we're up against.
The DCI has been locked up and our entire
case against APT hangs in the balance.
Now, we all know this is complete rubbish.
The boss might be new to
cyber crime, but we know she wouldn't
do anything to jeopardise the case.
Besides, we didn't make anything up.
We got APT fair and square.
The only chance we've got to prove
that the boss hasn't done
anything wrong is to prove
the whole thing is a setup.
Now I can stall the CPS for a bit.
So we got 30 minutes
to prove she's innocent
or the whole case will come tumbling down.
She called me from custody and gave us
permission to get into her files,
but didn't want to give me
the password over the phone
Whilst I'm stalling the lawyers
I'll co-ordinate tasks from
my office here.
And if something comes up,
I'll give you a call.
And if I find anything to help,
I'll send it to your police email.
The first job is to
get into the DCI's system.
Although she didn't
tell me her password over the phone,
she said she's been meaning to change it
after reading an article last week.
I've attached the article, which is a list
of commonly used passwords.
On the off chance,  she hasn't got
around  to changing it yet.
Might want to run through the list.
Good luck, detectives. We're all counting on ya.